update probRun docu (#662)
avaframe/AvaFrame: docs/moduleAna4Stats.rst

probAna is used to derive simple probability maps for a set of simulations for one avalanche track.
These maps show for each point in space the probability for a chosen parameter to exceed a given threshold.
For example, it is possible to compute the probability map of an avalanche to exceed a

> peak pressure of 1kPa, but is also possible to chose other paramters and threshold values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
peak pressure of 1kPa, but is also possible to chose other parameters and threshold values.
```

      python3 runScripts/runProbAna.py

.. figure:: _static/avaHockeyChannel_probMap_lim1.0.png
    :width: 90%

      Probability map example.

> Another example is given in :py:mod:`runScripts.runProbAnaCom1DFA.py`, but here only
> one parameter is varied at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example utilising com1DFA is given in :py:mod:`runScripts.runProbAnaCom1DFA.py`, with only one parameter being varied at a time.
```

Author: In both examples com1DFA is used to create the simulations and then create the probability maps using these simulations, the point I wanted to make here is that with this script - it is possible to vary one parameter at a time, and then set probability configurations for creation of the maps, several possible- but it is a good point that for both example scripts com1DFA is used

Avalanche simulations are performed with the settings defined in the configuration file of
:py:mod:`com1DFA` and in addition a parameter variation is performed according to the parameters
set in ``ana4Stats/probAnaCfg.ini`` in the section PROBRUN. All the parameters set in PROBRUN are
varied on at a time, i.e. simulations are performed for the standard settings of all parameters,
except the one parameter to be varied, subsequently the other variations are performed.

> In the beginning of the script, the filtering criteria for generating probability maps can be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the beginning of the scrip filtering criteria for the probability maps can be set.
```
